[All Hosts] (webviews) update article for IE11 and graceful failure (#4114)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/support-ie-11.md

}
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Microsoft Edge (Chromium) returns `edg/` followed by one or more version digits and zero or more `.` separators as the user agent; for example, `edg/76.0.167.1`. **Note that the `e` is not present at the end of name! It is "edg", not "edge".**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft Edge (Chromium) returns `edg/` followed by one or more version digits and zero or more `.` separators as the user agent; for example, `edg/76.0.167.1`. **Note that the `e` isn't present at the end of name! It's "edg", not "edge".**
```

> This JavaScript should be as early in the add-in start up process as possible. The following is an example of an add-in home page that advises users to upgrade Office when Trident is detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This JavaScript should be as early in the add-in startup process as possible. The following is an example of an add-in home page that advises users to upgrade Office when Trident is detected.
```

    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=Edge" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
    <title>Contoso Task Pane Add-in</title>

    <!-- Office JavaScript API -->
    <script type="text/javascript" src="https://appsforoffice.microsoft.com/lib/1.1/hosted/office.js"></script>
</head>

<body>
    <div id="main">
         <!-- 
            The add-in UI is here. 
         -->
    </div>

    <!-- 
        The script below makes the following div display if the
        webview is Trident, and hides the regular div. 
    -->
    <div id="tridentmessage" style="display: none; padding: 10;">
        This add-in will not run in your version of Office. Please upgrade either to 
        perpetual Office 2021 (or later) or to a Microsoft 365 account.
    </div>
    <script>
        if (navigator.userAgent.indexOf("Trident") !== -1) {
            var tridentMessage = document.getElementById("tridentmessage");
            var normalUI = document.getElementById("main");
            tridentMessage.style.display = "block";
            normalUI.style.display = "none";
        } 
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > It's not always a good practice to read the `userAgent` property. Be sure you're familiar with the article, [Browser detection using the user agent](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Browser_detection_using_the_user_agent), including the recommendations and alternatives to reading `userAgent`. In particular, if you're providing an alternate add-in experience to support the use of Trident, consider using feature detection instead of testing for the user agent. But if you are just providing a notification that the add-in doesn't work in Trident, as in this case, using `userAgent` is appropriate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It's not always a good practice to read the `userAgent` property. Be sure you're familiar with the article, [Browser detection using the user agent](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Browser_detection_using_the_user_agent), including the recommendations and alternatives to reading `userAgent`. In particular, if you're providing an alternate add-in experience to support the use of Trident, consider using feature detection instead of testing for the user agent. But if you're just providing a notification that the add-in doesn't work in Trident, as in this case, using `userAgent` is appropriate. 
```

> 
> As of July 24th, 2023, the non-English versions of the article are all out-of-date to varying degrees; some are over 12 years out-of-date.
>
> As of the same date, the text and tables in the section [Which part of the user agent contains the information you are looking for?](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Browser_detection_using_the_user_agent#which_part_of_the_user_agent_contains_the_information_you_are_looking_for) of the *English* version of the article no longer mention Trident or Internet Explorer 11. In the table for **Browser Name and version**, the row for Internet Explorer 11 was the following:
>

> > |**Engine**|**Must contain**|**Must not contain**|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> |Engine|Must contain|Must not contain|
```
Table headers are automatically made bold.

> |:---|:---|:---|
> |Internet Explorer 11|`Trident/7.0; .*rv:xyz`||
>
> In the table for **Rendering engine**, the row for Trident was the following:
>

> > |**Engine**|**Must contain**|**Comment**|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> |Engine|Must contain|Comment|
```
